Welcome to Outskirts of Hell, Vol. 1: Ad Silentium

When the universe stops expanding, it will pause, as living lungs do. Old, spent matter will filtered through. New matter with fresh oxygen replaces it into wanting lungs. Then, that matter is sent back out into the world or "exhaled". New matter and old matter are distinguished by value to the living world. Living beings of all kind will be no different. They will coexist together in a "split second" or reality that will be incalculably long.

The place where these different beings will coexist, as with fresh and dirty air matter in filled air sacs, will be Ad Silentium. It will be a mortal "pause between breaths", where those who evolve and those who are do not will survive together. 

Some humans will be "Merged". The world will be a WLAN, and the Merged have access to it. Their genetic code is technology, making "human technology"-devices obsolete eons ago. They are The Merged, combinations of humanity and technology who transport themselves at will along a natural environment that evolved with them like data across a wire, among other traits. 

Some humans, sarcstically dubbed "The Doomed", will evolve differently. By keeping control of their free will, they will master ancient ways until it becomespart of them. Berserkets, spiritual Summoners, and Kinetics, the ceremonies which made them able to summons these abilities became part of them. They will forsee the future, fight with berserker strength, assassinate and reclaim in silence. The Doomed can make alliances or enemies with The Merged, as they both have free will. They are persecuted by descendants of ancient "Genetic Warlords for choosing to develop themselves instead of becoming "cared for". 

"Genetic Warlords" rove the Earth without Merged powered but with mutated warriors. These are humans merged with spliced animal genetic code into specialized killers serve these elites of the past evolutionary phase. Over centuries, they formed races of their own, prowling the world and forming enclaves of their own. The Warlords are still alive through descendants, pure humans who are protected as endangered species. 

You can be Merged, with features and characteristics that make you the future, and persecuted by the Mutations and surviving Genetic Warlord families for being the future. Each Merged being is in a world made for them, outnumbered by beings who either misunderstand of hate them. With each mission completion, character is forged and new, futuristic abilities such as cyber-telepathy, instant message realization, and atomic shifting can be honed into survival weaponry. 

You can be Doomed, with the true secrets of the past which your wise ancestors rescued from the past "Elites" who refused Genetic Imperialism and were left as food for the first few generations of their Mutations. Through retaining control over their free will, your ancient ancestors were able to make such banned "Magickal" arts such as Sorcery, Alchemy, Necromancy and Tarot part of your genetic code, with all the mystery contained within at your fingertips. 

Statistics are fairy tales now. Reality is all that is in front of you, the grand irony of excess through technology. Create your character with the character generator and begin your journey inside the Outskirts of Hell: Ad Silentium. 








 

